way they go in the ladies classic and
has expected sunyata not fast out the
gate she broke smoothly Brett she broke
slow and zenyatta is last early bin now
as expected sprinters away to lead them
early santa teresita gets up to race in
second hysterical lady right there
ginger punch getting a good spot in
fourth with carriage trail on the inside
of her then we come back to music note
who's taken back third last today gives
us leaders six laying start in behind
that comes Cocoa Beach and zenyatta is
last early lit season yachters nine
lengths office leader they run past the
three-quarter ball and the long shot out
here they're now gonna try to slow them
down up front right has taken as
stronghold leads it by a length but
Santa Teresita is now coming to put the
pressure back on her hysterical lady is
right there third down at the rail is
carriage trail in the white cap of
ginger punches now five or third leader
just behind that Cocoa Beach and music
note and wet season yatta still last
might smooth just biding his time at the
back here Zen yatta is now 10 lengths
off the leader they have less than a
half mile to go now and they're now
looking for this huge upset kicks on
foam santa teresita second hysterical
lady third then ginger punch carriage
trial music note coco bikes most shaking
the reins at her and
start now here comes end yatta she's
caught about 5 wide but she's coming
gamely hysterical lady gets the lead to
santa teresita grandstand sight Zenyatta
she knows she's interested
music running
Beach down at the beach music no closer
and carriage driver Felicia